Technical safety requirements describe what a system
will do when a malfunction violates a safety goal.
Let's derive an example from the lane departure warning safety goal.
Recall from the safety goal,
we derived a functional safety requirement that
the electronic power steering ECU needed to
keep the torque amplitude below a maximum threshold.
Now, we will go one step further and derive a technical safety requirement.
When the lane departure warning safety software component sends a torque request,
the request amplitude should be below the maximum allowed threshold.
Using the system architecture diagram,
the requirement is formally that
the LDW safety component shall ensure that the amplitude of
the LDW torque request sent to
the final electronic power steering torque component is below max torque amplitude.
We'll start using acronyms to make the requirements easier to read.
LDW is lane departure warning.
While EPS is electronic power steering.
Notice the difference between
a functional safety requirement and the technical safety requirement.
The functional safety requirement gives
a general idea of what a system is supposed to do.
The technical safety requirement indicates the signal flow
and describes which components are in charge of the functionality.